[man]
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Spin it!
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
Let's begin it.
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ Talespin ♪
-♪ Oh, yo ♪
♪ Friends for life
Through thick and thin ♪
♪ With another tale to spin ♪
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ Talespin ♪
-♪ Oh, yo ♪
♪ All the trouble we get in ♪
♪ With another tale to spin ♪
Spin it!
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
Spin it, my friend.
Woo-hoo!
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ Oh, yo ♪
♪ Ba-ba-ba da-da-da ♪
♪ Spin it, let's begin it ♪
♪ Bear and grin it when you're in it ♪
♪ You can win it in a minute ♪
♪ When you spin it, spin it, spin it ♪
-Ha-ha-ha!
-♪ Talespin it ♪
♪ Talespin ♪
[bell dinging]
[snoring]
[squawking]
This time he's not getting away.
Blast.
I intend to find you
a hiding place, my darling.
Ah! Just the thing.
Trapped.
OK, Covington, hand it over.
And let you cretins waste the wealth
that talisman will bring?
If you don't give us the doll,
we're gonna waste you.
Ahh, sweet deliverance.
Who says the police are never around
when you need them?
[yelling]
Oh, I beg your pardon, officers.
Here you are, risking your lives
to protect our community,
and I damage your motorcar.
I insist that you arrest me
until I make reparations.
Next time.
Blast! This could take hours.
What sort of slob
would leave an airplane in such a state?
[Kit] Baloo!
Uh-oh.
Papa Bear, Miss Cunningham is
gonna have a surprise inspection.
Huh? What? Inspection?
Yeah, she'll be here any minute.
And you know what she said about,
a clean plane is...
An efficient plane.
I know, I know.
[sighs]
We'd better get moving, Kit boy.
[glass shatters]
Say, how'd you find out
about this inspection, anyway?
Uh, I accidentally read it
on her calendar.
You mean the very private
"Trespassers-will-be-shot" calendar
that she keeps locked in her desk?
That's the one.
[laughing]
I love that boy.
[splash]
Whew. That's the last of it.
Let's get it out of here
before Becky shows up.
[Rebecca] Baloo!
[gasps]
It's her.
Baloo?
Oh, there you are.
I'm seeing it,
and I still don't believe it.
Baloo!
Hello there, Molly.
What's with the getup?
I'm not Molly, I'm Danger Woman,
here to inspect my secret headquarters.
It's the only way I could her away
from that silly radio program.
Hey, what happened
to all your neat garbage?
Baloo, I have to admit that it looks like
you're finally running a shipshape ship.
Why, sure, Rebecca.
Like you always say...
[all]
A clean plane is an efficient plane.
You missed a piece.
Uh, gee.
How did that get there?
Well?
OK.
Got it.
Oh, boy.
This is more like it.
I thought air freight businesses
would be full of adventure and romance.
All I get is clutter and disorder.
Where's the glamour?
Where's the excitement?
Don't worry, Mommy.
There's always glamour and excitement
when Danger Woman's on the job.
Honey, I wouldn't trade you
or Danger Woman for anything.
But what I wouldn't give to meet someone
with charm, with culture...
A real man of the world.
I beg your pardon, but I am looking for
a Miss Rebecca Cunningham.
I... I'm Rebecca Cunningham.
Ah, Rebecca.
A name for royalty,
and it suits you so well, my dear.
My name is Covington.
-Oh, my.
-Oh, brother.
He sounds like the guys Danger Woman's
always beating up.
You must be Baloo,
master of the world famous Sea Duck.
Ah, the tales I've been told.
You have? Well, now, I've been through
a scrape or two or three.
Who is this darling little girl?
And how did she get to be so cute?
-You stay away from my mommy!
-Ow!
Molly! Be nice to Mr. Covington.
He was just trying to say hello.
[Baloo]
Well, I don't know just what you heard
about the Sea Duck,  Mr. Covington,
but there's not
a plane in the sky like her.
What's this?
Wow!
A doll!
She'll look a hurricane in the eye
and never blink.
[gasps]
May I see that, my dear?
-No!
-[groans]
Molly!
It's my doll. I found it.
I can have it, can't I, Baloo?
Why, sure, honey.
Oh, Mr. Covington, I don't know
what has gotten into the child.
[chuckles]
It's forgotten.
And please, just call me Covington.
We can't remain so formal
if you and I and your delightful child,
and her little wooden playmate
are to become good friends, can we?
All right... Covington.
[Rebecca] Molly, I want to
talk to you about Mr. Covington.
You do realize that Covington
has become very special to me?
I know, Mommy,
but Cara and Milly think he's creepy.
They want me to be happy, don't they?
For sure, Mommy, but...
[sighs]
They'll try real hard
to like Mr. Covington.
Oh...
Thank you, honey.
But I won't.
Creepy isn't getting you or my mommy.
Where is that
wonderful child of yours tonight?
[giggles] I talked Danger Woman
into spending the evening with her dolls.
Dolls!
Indeed... how sweet.
I should at least say hello
to the little...
-Whoa!
-Covington!
-Are you all right?
-Quite frankly, I don't know.
Here, sit down.
[yells]
Look, Cara.
His haircut fell off. [laughing]
[Rebecca] Molly!
Uh-oh.
Young lady, we have to talk.
That does it!
I'm going to get that doll tonight!
And I think I know just how to do it.
Molly, what am I going to do with you?
[knocking on door]
My dear! Baloo just called!
There's been a robbery at your offices!
Oh, my goodness.
Covington, I...
You know, Rebecca, you can always
count on me in a crisis.
I shall remain here
and protect your daughter.
Oh, thank you, Covy.
You're an angel.
Mommy, please.
We want to come with you.
No, I've had enough
of your shenanigans tonight.
You'll be safe here with Covington.
Never fear.
I'll have everything well in hand...
as soon as you give me that doll.
Now, are you going to let Covington
see your doll or not?
-Not!
-Ow!
Open up, you little brat,
or I'll break it down!
I'm sorry, Milly,
but Cara has to run away.
You two say goodbye,
while I figure out what to do.
All right, you asked for it.
[yells]
Leaving without your
babysitter's permission, my dear?
Naughty, naughty.
Now give me that doll, you little wretch.
It's worth millions!
Millions?
Mommy needs millions more than you!
No, no, no...
Not the shins! [groans]
Don't be afraid, Cara.
-I'll take care--
-Got you!
[yells]
Drat!
[yelling]
Just wait till I tell my mommy!
Don't six-year-olds ever get tired?
For the eighth time, Rebecca,
we didn't call.
-Honest, Miss Cunningham.
-Something's not right.
Come on.
We'd better check this out.
[Molly] Mommy!
Baloo!
[Covington] Ah-ha!
Molly? Covington?
Maybe they went to Higher for Hire
and we missed them.
Oh, I hope so.
Shh!
Now I have her.
We have to be smart as Danger Woman.
Just give Covy-wovy the doll,
and you can go home.
[tires screech]
Baloo, you and kit check the Duck,
and I'll look in the office.
Oh, blast!
No, you don't!
[groans]
[crashing]
-Did you hear something?
-Uh-uh.
[panting]
Uh-oh!
Ha! No!
I hate that!
Don't think it hasn't been fun,
but this was intended
for other hands than yours.
Bully!
Gentlemen...
What an opportune arrival.
Let me guess, you was just on your way
to deliver the doll
when we happened to bump into you.
[groans] Yes!
How very perceptive of you.
[chuckles] Here it is, Arnold,
the stuff that dreams are made of.
[Arnold] Yeah.
Wait! I know a surefire way
to get that doll...
with this one.
Yes. And she's dressed
like Danger Woman.
Boy, I hope Molly's all right.
That's right, Danger Woman!
Like on the radio.
-[door slams]
-[all] The Sea Duck!
[clattering]
I know you're here somewhere.
-At last!
-[Rebecca] Covington?
I thought you were
supposed to be babysitting.
I... Oh, well, I...
Oh, Rebecca, darling, forgive me.
-Molly has been kidnapped.
-Kidnapped?
Calm down, Baloo.
I'll handle this.
Kidnapped?!
She's been taken to Skull Island
until they get this doll.
So, let's give it to 'em.
Come on!
Oh, it's my fault she's gone.
If only I wasn't allergic to pain.
-I shall deliver it.
-Now, hold it.
Haven't you been
sniffing around after this doll?
I... I have no notion what you could mean.
I feel responsible for Molly, that's all.
Don't worry, Covy. We're all going.
We'd never make you do this by yourself.
Thank you so very much.
[badgers grunting]
Ow! Grab her!
[groans] You grab her.
When I see Covington again,
I'm gonna pop him like a balloon.
Why would anybody
want this ugly old doll anyway?
Sentimental value?
Covington, I don't know what's going on,
all I want I is to get
Molly back safe, and soon.
I got romance and adventure
and may have lost my daughter
in the process.
-[badger] Ouch!
-[badgers grunting]
Remind me to give up kidnapping.
[Arnold]
At least she don't weigh much.
[Kit]
There they are!
-Here's the doll, Baloo.
-Thanks.
Here's what you want.
Now, where's the girl?
-Let's see it.
-No. Molly first.
Why not?
Oops.
Grab the doll!
[doll] Mama.
Hey, Covington, it's the wrong...
Covington?
Where is he?
That dirty double-crosser
must have pulled a switch!
Never mind him.
Where's Molly?
You want the girl.
We want Covington.
I know where we'll probably find him.
Come on.
[squawking]
[Molly]
It's all creepy, and he's got Cara.
I've done it!
It is beyond imagining.
The treasure must be near.
I can sense it.
All I need is a sign!
Whoa!
I hope someone somewhere
is enjoying all this.
[gasping]
Oh, no more.
Please. No more.
I've got it.
The largest ruby in the world.
[laughs]
No one can stop me now.
-It's finally mine!
-[Molly] It's my mommy's.
Ow!
Not you again!
[gasps]
There's no way out,
you little rug rat!
[groaning]
Hand over that dolly.
You can't have her.
You never loved my mommy.
Ha! Don't make me laugh.
She was just an easy way
to get to you and the doll. [laughing]
Now, give it to me!
No!
[grunting]
Easy way!
Why, you two-faced,
thimble-headed, no-account man!
[Covington] Uh, Rebecca, my peach!
I was only thinking of you.
-Oh? What about your partners?
-Those hairy imbeciles?
Why, I could lose them in a phone booth.
Hiya, partner!
Whoops!
[stuttering]
I didn't mean it, chaps.
It was just a joke.
Can't you take a joke?
The question is, can you take it?
Yeah!
Too bad these things
don't come with brains.
Oh, Molly.
Thank goodness you're safe.
[Molly] Aw, Mommy,
you shouldn't have been scared.
Danger Woman always wins.
But I'm sorry you didn't get the millions.
Yeah, and I'm sorry that Covington cat
turned out so lowdown and dog-dirty.
Thank you, Baloo,
but I got what I wanted.
And I found out you're all
the adventure and romance I need.
Yeah?
Just wait till you tune in next week:
Same Danger time,
same Danger channel.
[Rebecca laughs]
I wouldn't miss it for the world.
♪ Talespin ♪
♪ Another tale to spin ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
Ha-ha-ha!
♪ Talespin ♪